[MUSIC]
>> Justin Meyer: I'm gonna show you
how to write jQuery's proxy method for
the most part it's surprisingly simple.
So I already showed you that
I'm gonna return a function so
proxy is a function that
returns a function.
That calls another function.
[COUGH] What this function is gonna
do is it's gonna to make sure
it's going to call
the original passed function.
It's going to make sure it's
called with the right context and
also forward any arguments
that the original kind of the function
that it's returning is called with.
So I'm gonna use apply.
But I wanna make sure
the context to set right.
I'm gonna pass in any arguments.
So I mentioned a little bit earlier
that arguments is something.
It's essentially when we talked about
a call object being created I said
that there's this inside there.
There's also an arguments object
that has a reference to every
argument that was passed.
So this is going to basically take
the arguments that were passed here and
forward them to this function but
we're gonna give it a different
context that was passed.
And then we're going to make sure
we're gonna return the result
of calling that function for
the result of this outer function.
And that is it but I'm gonna to try to
explain what's going on in memory because
this can be a little bit confusing.
But I wanna first make sure it works.
>> Justin Meyer: Cool.
Any questions before I
do this explanation.
All right I'll do this explanation.
So let me first show what's going on here.
So, in memory.
I've got a dog with the name
property in a speak function.
So, I've made a dog object with a name
property and the speak function.
We've also created our
dollar is a function but
it also has a proxy property
that is another function.
So, this is that proxy,
it's our proxy function we just created.
Now, what is gonna happen
when we do dollar proxy.
Dollar proxy dog, speak, dog.
Well what's gonna happen always
when we call any function
is a new call object is gonna be created.
This the right one here?
No, these things keep getting
drained.
>> Justin Meyer: I'm
gonna have to block you guys view while
I write this out and then I'll show it.
So I'm a create call object,
try to create a call object.
Our call object.
And call objects always know about
the function that created them and
it's going to get its argument.
The arguments we're going
to be passing is FN and
context.
So, FN.
>> Justin Meyer: Is going to
be a pointer to this function in memory.
>> Justin Meyer: The speak function.
And context.
>> Justin Meyer: Sorry if this is small
for everybody in the back of the room.
Context is going to be
a reference to this dog object in
memory.
>> Justin Meyer: Should we go right in
through the point right there.
So we've got a function in context or
reference seen.
This function in memory, the speak
function memory and the dog object.
Now what this function is going to do
is create another function in memory.
So all functions know about their parent
object, all the parent call object.
So that kind of pseudo
pointer knows about that and
then this is what's gonna
be returned as the speak
proxy function.
>> Justin Meyer: The speakProxy
function,
>> Justin Meyer: I'm just
gonna write speak P.
>> Justin Meyer: So
then, when the speakProxy
function is called with woof.
Well that will do the same kind of
create a call object with arguments.
But then it's gonna call.
>> Justin Meyer: Where is my code?
It's going to gonna call
this inner function.
It's gonna call this inner function,
create a call object and another call
object and now this is getting messy.
Create other call object,
that's going to look up fn.
It's gonna try to look up fn inside.
Yup.
[SOUND] It's going to.
So this is the call object for
this inner invocation of a function.
This is gonna try to look up fn in here,
not find it,
walk to the parent call object and
get fn from kind of the parent
function there which is this function.
And then it's gonna do the same thing for
context and get the context and
it's gonna call this function
with this is it's context and for
the arguments that this essentially
call object was created with.
That's what's going on in memory.
I don't know if that helps explain it but
that's how I see the world.
[LAUGH] Maybe I'm going crazy,
I don't know.
Any other questions about this?
Hopefully it makes sense.
>> Justin Meyer: No, yeah?
All right.
Now we're going to move on to the DOM.
Move this out of the way,
I guess.
>> Justin Meyer: New Slide.
>> Justin Meyer: Okay, so.
Yeah.
>> Student: There's a question why can we
explicitly returned fn.apply,
instead of within a function?
>> Justin Meyer: I'm not sure
what you mean of instead of within?
>> Student: I think.
At least my interpretation,
he might be asking,
why are we returning a function
that calls fn.apply why
don't we just return fn.apply in one line.
>> Justin Meyer: That's a good question,
yeah.
>> Student 2: I think the method
signature would be different, because
it would be expecting you to pass in
context.
>> Justin Meyer: Well maybe.
I guess we're interpreting
what Alexis just said is
I thought I think he's thinking
that you could just do.
He's wanting to just do something
like this or something, right.
>> Student 2: I'm saying is
that if you return that function.
It's expecting contacts to
come in as the first parameter
when you then run your proxy function.
>> Justin Meyer: Well this one,
the problem with this, is this won't even
return the function in the first place,
this would just invoke that function
that was passed in right away.
The reason you might be asking this
question is why is there a dollar proxy?
That's a fair question.
If you guys have never needed
to do something similar to this.
The example that I gave,
the shortest example that I gave,
was the one from the slide.
Perhaps you want to call dog
speak function in one second.
So you wanna be able to pass hey,
in one second call this function.
JavaScript, when it would call, if you
just passed dog speak here, it will mess
that up and call this function back
with this set to something different.
So jQuery has long
provided dollar proxy to
make it so you can get your functions
called with the right this.
So you do this kind of behavior a lot if
you're doing object oriented programming
in JavaScript Where you'll say okay,
as result of this AJAX
call complete this to do.
You need that sometimes you often need to
make sure that this is set correctly but
you need to pass a single callback
function to something else.
Pretty common.
Cool.